c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\OnlineBanking.dll.config
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\OnlineBanking.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\OnlineBanking.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\es\OnlineBanking.resources.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\IDS.Portal.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\IDS.System.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\IDS.Web.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Xceed.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Xceed.Zip.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadDock.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\IDS.Presentation.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Telerik.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadSpell.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\PetersDatePackage.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\OrccConnector.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Xceed.Compression.Formats.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadWindow.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadTabStrip.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Renci.SshNet.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Ionic.Zip.Reduced.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\PhoneNumbers.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadAjax.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadCalendar.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadComboBox.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadEditor.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadMenu.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Xceed.Compression.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadInput.Net2.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\IDS.Portal.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\IDS.System.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\IDS.Web.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadDock.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\IDS.Presentation.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadSpell.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\OrccConnector.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadWindow.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadTabStrip.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadAjax.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadCalendar.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadComboBox.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadEditor.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadMenu.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\RadInput.Net2.pdb
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\bin\IDS.Portal.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\obj\Debug\OnlineBanking.BusinessForm.resources
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\obj\Debug\OnlineBanking.BusinessForm.es.resources
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\obj\Debug\OnlineBanking.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\obj\Debug\es\OnlineBanking.resources.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\obj\Debug\OnlineBanking.dll
c:\users\manuel.roman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\obj\Debug\OnlineBanking.pdb
C:\Users\manuel.roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnlineBanking\OnlineBanking\obj\Debug\OnlineBanking.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
